# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?

Nearly everything that was taught by the various instructors and learned on my end went extremely well. Whenever I hit a roadblock I was able to overcome them with little to no extra help from instructors outside of the lecture time. That was a real confidence booster. My understanding of html, css, and now bootstrap increased exponentially.

- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?

What shocked me the most was my ability to grasp the idea of bootstrap and quickly implement it in our afternoon assignments and now the first checkpoint. Its yet to be graded but I cant even describe the amount of pride that im taking in this first project. The shocking part was realizing how much content was created by individuals within bootstrap that is laid out for you as a consumer to help better manage a project when creating one. Additionally I was rather surprised with my ability to construct a project in such a short amount of time. Never would I have thought that this would be something that I would be capable of. Thank you.

- What are you struggling with?

At this current time I wouldnt exactly say I am struggling with much. If I had to choose one thing it would be the amount of knowledge im able to actually retain. This is just the beginning though. Im sure greater challenges lie ahead however if im able to soak up the knowledge spread to me I believe struggles will never be scary or too difficult to overcome.

- What would you count as a victory?

The amount of time I had to utilize to complete my first checkpoint. I figured I would have worked 10 hours on Saturday and Sunday after working for 8 hours on it on Friday. I like to be efficient and I believe that was a huge win for me. Also a victory as it was my oldest daughters bday on Saturday and I wanted to make sure and spend time with her and the family celebrating it. 